Replaced stream.findFirst by `for` loop for hybrid query (#706)
opensearch-project/neural-search: CHANGELOG.md

- BWC tests for text chunking processor ([#661](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/661))
- Allowing execution of hybrid query on index alias with filters ([#670](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/670))
- Allowing query by raw tokens in neural_sparse query ([#693](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/693))

> - Replace stream.findFirst by for loop ([#706](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/706))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed stream.findFirst implementation to use more native iteration implement to improve hybrid query latencies by 35% ([#706](https://github.com/opensearch-project/neural-search/pull/706))
```
